# A

## alias

Alias is a string used by Yii to refer to the class or directory such as
`@app/vendor`.  Read more in ["Aliases"](concept/aliases.md).

## asset

Asset refers to a resource file. Typically, it contains JavaScript or CSS
code but can be any static content accessed via HTTP.

# C

## configuration

The Configuration may refer either to the process of setting properties of
an object or to a configuration file that stores settings for an object, or
a class of objects. Read more in
["Configuration"](concept/configuration.md).

# D

## DI

Dependency Injection is a programming technique where an object injects a
dependent object. ["DI"](concept/di-container.md)

# I

## installation

Installation is a process of preparing something to work either by following
a readme file or by executing a specially prepared script. In the case of
Yii, it's setting permissions and fulfilling software requirements.

# M

## middleware

Middleware is a processor in the request processing stack. Given a request,
it may either produce a response or do some action and pass processing to
the next middleware. Read more in ["Middleware"](structure/middleware.md).

## module

The module is a sub-application that groups some code based on a
use-case. It's typically used within the main application and may contain
URL handlers or console commands.

# N

## namespace

Namespace refers to a [PHP language
feature](https://www.php.net/manual/en/language.namespaces.php).

# P

## package

A package usually refers to [Composer
package](https://getcomposer.org/doc/). It's code ready for reuse and
redistribution installable automatically via package manager.

# R

## rule

The rule usually refers to a validation rule of the
[yiisoft/validator](https://github.com/yiisoft/validator) package.  It holds
a set of parameters for checking if a data set is valid.  "Rule handler"
does the actual processing.

# Q

## queue

A queue is similar to a stack. Queue follows First-In-First-Out methodology.

# V

## vendor

A Vendor is an organization or individual developer providing code in the
form of packages. It also may refer to [Composer's `vendor`
directory](https://getcomposer.org/doc/).
